---
date: 2025-08-04
---

A Bangalore CEO with funding reached out to me(A friend directed him to me), He wanted help related to dev rel but they considered me as the marketing guy.

&nbsp;

Their Platform was not very usable and bad frontend code considering beautiful simple basic design is the new moat. they were just suffering from that specific problem.

&nbsp;

ps: they provided memory to llms with knowledge graphs.

&nbsp;

They also had 10+ underpaid employees with bad technical skills, the only people with good technical skills were probably just 2 people.

&nbsp;

Had 4 Calls(total of 8 Hours) with him and I wanted to manage the team, the public branding, distribution and the product design part. I clearly mentioned I'd work everyday without any leave and 10hrs everyday and 4-5 hours to <a href="https://coldran.com">Coldran</a>.

&nbsp;

The last call we had also included their COO(bro was condescending af) and that ruined the whole aura of that CEO. Personally that guy would ruin the whole fugging company.

&nbsp;

They clearly mentioned that they want a serious person but i was being serious but they mentioned a guy ripped them off because he wanted a pocket money. BUT GOD!

&nbsp;

THE CEO & COO Talk with me Happened with me from 11 pm - 2 am, then went on a walk with my Father. They mentioned they'll figure out what they can pay me asap (i've already sent them my required compensation btw)

&nbsp;

I get a text at 1 pm and then i get on a call with the ceo and they mentioned they'll pay me $803/month instead of $1,722/month which i asked.

&nbsp;

He mentioned I can reply whenever I want today and my self esteem didn't let me take it because it was clearly underpaid for a full time job with the whole team management. I texted him on Whatsapp and I mention that I'm not interested in negotiating or even accepting the offer.

&nbsp;

He tries to negotiate says he can go $1.2k per month max but I said no again. But my ethics say if someone undervalues you, YOU NEVER TALK TO THEM OR DO WORK WITH THEM AND YOU CAN NEVER PROVE ANYTHING TO THEM.

&nbsp;

He insists on calling me again and again for 3 times then he calls me at 10pm, I BLOCK HIM.

&nbsp;

Next Day, His COO calls me. I BLOCK HIM TOO.

&nbsp;

moral of this is never do this unless you don't plan on doing a job in Bangalore, Because words get around but i don't f*cking care i'd rather die homeless than leave my ethics.